CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT

This Contractor Agreement ("Agreement") forms a legal agreement between Handshake AI Solutions, LLC ("Company", "we", "us" and "our") and you or the entity you represent ("Contractor", "you" and "your"). This Agreement governs your participation in the Contractor Program (the "Program"; participants in the Program are "Contractors").

This Agreement is effective upon the date and time that you accept it ("Effective Date") and continues until you or Company terminates it (this period, the "Term").

IMPORTANT: PLEASE REVIEW THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. IN PARTICULAR, PLEASE REVIEW THE MUTUAL ARBITRATION PROVISION IN SECTION 7 AS IT REQUIRES THE PARTIES TO RESOLVE DISPUTES ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION (UNLESS YOU VALIDLY OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION, AS PROVIDED BELOW). BY AGREEING TO ARBITRATION, THE PARTIES WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO SEEK RELIEF IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL ON THEIR CLAIMS, AND COURT REVIEW OF AN ARBITRATION AWARD IS LIMITED.

1. RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES

1.1 Contracting Parties. The relationship between the parties is solely as independent business enterprises, each of whom operates a separate and distinct business enterprise that provides a service outside the usual course of business of the other. This is not an employment agreement and you are not an employee. The parties are contracting for the performance of services described in each engagement ("Services"). Nothing in this Agreement creates, will create, or is intended to create, any employment, partnership, joint venture, franchise or sales representative relationship between you and us. You have no authority to make or accept any offers or representations on our behalf. You are not our agent and you have no authority to act on behalf of Company.

1.2 Your choice to provide the Services. We do not, and have no right to, direct or control you. Subject to platform and project availability, you decide when, where and whether you want to offer Services to us or perform a particular task. You are not required to accept any minimum number of tasks. You understand, however, that your performance may affect your ability to participate in the Program or access the platform.

2. PAYMENTS

2.1 Project payments. Company will pay you for your participation in any project in accordance with this Agreement. The amount, type and timing of payment will be communicated to you in writing in connection with each invitation to participate in an applicable project, and will apply to your participation in that project only. Payment types include task-based payments, time-based payments, milestone-based payments, and any other types of payments communicated to you in writing.

2.2 Taxes. You are responsible for taxes on your own income. If Company is required by applicable law to collect or withhold any taxes, we may deduct those taxes from amounts otherwise owed to you and pay those taxes to the appropriate taxing authority. You must provide accurate information regarding your tax affairs that we reasonably request, and must promptly notify us if any information that we prepopulate is inaccurate or incomplete.

3. WORK PRODUCT

3.1 Ownership of Work Product. You hereby irrevocably assign to Company and its successors and assigns all right, title and interest, including all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, industrial rights, and all other intellectual property and proprietary rights related thereto ("Proprietary Rights"), in and to any Intellectual Property created, conceived of, or otherwise developed by you (whether alone or jointly with others) under or in connection with this Agreement, whether or not created, conceived of or otherwise developed during regular business hours or prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement, including all Deliverables ("Work Product"). "Intellectual Property" means ideas, concepts, know-how, processes, discoveries, developments, formulae, information, materials, improvements, designs, artwork, content, software programs, inventions, technology, techniques, methods, algorithms, research, proposals, and any other technology. You will promptly take further actions, including executing and delivering any other documents reasonably requested by Company, and provide further cooperation to perfect Company's rights in the Work Product. You retain no rights to use the Work Product and agree not to challenge the validity of Company's ownership of the Work Product.

3.2 Other Rights. If you have any rights, including without limitation "artist's rights" or "moral rights," in the Work Product that cannot be assigned, you hereby unconditionally and irrevocably grant to Company an exclusive (even as to you), worldwide, fully paid and royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual license, with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees, to use, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, publicly perform and publicly display the Work Product in any medium or format, whether now known or later developed. In the event that you have any rights in the Work Product that cannot be assigned or licensed, you unconditionally and irrevocably waive the enforcement of such rights, and all claims and causes of action of any kind against Company or Company's customers.

3.3 License to Preexisting IP. Work Product shall not be deemed to include, and the assignment obligations in Section 3.1 shall not apply to, (a) any Intellectual Property owned by you or that was created, conceived of, or otherwise developed by or for you (alone or with others) other than in connection with the Services and the Deliverables prior to the earlier of the Effective Date or commencement of your arrangement with Company (collectively, "Background IP"); or (b) any software or materials owned or controlled by a third party ("Third Party IP"). Unless otherwise expressly directed by Company in writing, you agree not to incorporate into Deliverables or other Work Product any Background IP or Third Party IP. In the event that you incorporate Background IP or Third Party IP into any Deliverable or any other Work Product, you hereby grant to Company a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully-paid and royalty-free, irrevocable and worldwide right and license, with the right to sublicense through multiple levels of sublicensees, to use, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, publicly perform and publicly display in any medium or format, whether now known or later developed, such Background IP or Third Party IP incorporated into the Deliverables or Work Product.

4. TERMINATION; EFFECT; SURVIVAL

4.1 Termination by You. You may terminate this Agreement (a) without cause at any time upon seven (7) days' prior written notice to Company; and (b) immediately, without notice for Company's violation or alleged violation of a material provision of this Agreement.

4.2 Temporary Deactivation by Us. We may temporarily deactivate your account without notice to investigate whether you have engaged in, or your account has been used in, activity that is deceptive, fraudulent, unsafe, illegal, harmful to our brand, business or reputation, or that violates this Agreement (any of the foregoing, a "Material Breach or Violation").

4.3 Termination by Us. We may terminate this Agreement and/or permanently deactivate your account (a) with or without cause upon seven (7) days prior written notice to you and (b) immediately, without notice if we determine in our discretion that a Material Breach or Violation has occurred.

4.4 Effect of Termination and Survival. Upon termination, each party will remain responsible for its respective liabilities or obligations that accrued before or as a result of such termination. Once the Agreement is terminated you will no longer access our platform to provide Work Product. Sections 3, 5, 6, and 7 shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.

5. DISCLAIMER; INDEMNITY

5.1 Disclaimer. We provide our platform and any additional products or services "as is" and "as available," without guarantee or warranty of any kind. We do not warrant that our platform will be accurate, complete, reliable, current, secure, uninterrupted, always available, or error-free. We will not be liable for any service interruptions or losses resulting from service interruptions.

5.2 Your Indemnity. You agree to indemnify, protect, and hold harmless Company and its affiliates, and their directors, employees and agents (collectively, the "Company Parties"), from any and all claims, demands, damages, suits, losses, liabilities and causes of action arising directly or indirectly from, as a result of or in connection with, your actions and/or your agents arising from the performance of the Services under this Agreement, including personal injury or death to any person, as well as any liability arising from your failure to comply with the terms of this Agreement. Your obligations under this Section shall include the cost of defense, including attorneys' fees, as well as the payment of any final judgment rendered against or settlement agreed upon by Company Party.

5.3 Tax Indemnity. You agree to indemnify, protect, and hold harmless the Company Parties from any and all tax liabilities and responsibilities for payment of all federal, state, provincial, and local taxes, including, but not limited to all payroll taxes, self-employment taxes, workers compensation premiums, and any contributions imposed or required under federal, state, provincial, and local laws, with respect to you.

6. LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY

6.1 Indirect Damages. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, neither party will be liable to other party or its affiliates in relation to this Agreement or the Services during and after the Term, whether in contract, negligence, strict liability, tort or other legal or equitable theory, for any lost profits, personal injury, property damage, loss of data, business interruption, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, special, reliance, or punitive damages, even if these losses, damages, or costs are foreseeable, and whether or not you or the Company Parties have been advised of their possibility.

6.2 General Damages. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, neither party will be liable to the other party or its affiliates in relation to this Agreement or the Services during and after the Term, whether in contract, negligence, strict liability, tort or other legal or equitable theory, for losses, damages, or costs exceeding in the aggregate the greater of (i) the total amount of payments made by Company for the Services provided by you under this Agreement during the 3-month period immediately preceding the event giving rise to the liability; and (ii) $500 USD; provided, however, that this limitation of liability shall not apply to any act of willful misconduct or fraud by either party.

7. MUTUAL ARBITRATION PROVISION

7.1 Binding arbitration. You and Company agree to this Mutual Arbitration Provision, which is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16) (the "FAA") and requires arbitration of any and all disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including but not limited to your classification as an independent contractor, your provision of any Services, the payments you receive for providing services, the termination of this Agreement, and all other aspects of your relationship with Company, past, present or future, whether arising under federal, state or local statutory and/or common law. Arbitration is a dispute-resolution process in which a neutral third party (the arbitrator) makes a final and binding decision resolving the dispute. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited.

7.2 Class Action Waiver. You and Company mutually agree to waive the right to have any dispute or claim brought, heard or arbitrated as, or to participate in, a class, collective, consolidated, and/or representative action ("Arbitration Class Action Waiver"). If applicable law (after taking into account FAA preemption) allows parties to waive the right to seek a public injunction, then the parties mutually agree to waive their right to public injunctive relief. You and Company agree that all disputes and claims shall be resolved in arbitration on a non-consolidated individualized basis only, and that any such proceeding may not be used to resolve the claims or rights of others.

7.3 Arbitration Procedures. Any arbitration shall be governed by JAMS (the "Administrator") in accordance with its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures. The arbitration shall be heard by one arbitrator. If the parties cannot otherwise agree on a location for the arbitration, the arbitration shall take place within 45 miles of your residence as of the effective date of this Agreement. Unless applicable law provides otherwise, Company and you shall equally share filing fees and other similar and usual administrative costs, as are common to both court and administrative proceedings, but your share of such fees and costs will not exceed the filing fee to file the case in a court of competent jurisdiction embracing the location of the arbitration.

7.4 Your Right to Opt Out of Arbitration. Arbitration is not a mandatory condition of your contractual relationship with Company, and therefore you may notify Company that you wish to opt out of this Mutual Arbitration Provision. To opt out, you must notify Company in writing of your intention to opt out by sending a letter, by First Class Mail, to our Legal Department. Any attempt to opt out by email or by mail to any address other than the one listed above will be ineffective. The letter must state your intention to opt out and must be postmarked within 30 days of the Effective Date of this Agreement. If you do not opt out within 30 days of the Effective Date of this Agreement, you and Company shall be deemed to have agreed to this Mutual Arbitration Provision.

8. MISCELLANEOUS

8.1 Modification. We may modify this Agreement at any time. When we make material changes to this Agreement, we will post the revised Agreement and update the Effective date. Continued use of the platform after any such changes constitute your consent to such changes.

8.2 Governing Law. Except for the Mutual Arbitration Provision in Section 7, which is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, this Agreement is governed by the applicable law of the state of your primary residence (or where your entity is domiciled) when you accepted this Agreement.

8.3 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding with respect to the subject matter expressly contemplated by this Agreement, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or undertakings on this subject matter.
